Glow NPC (#1986)
BetonQuest/BetonQuest: docs/Documentation/Compatibility.md

freezeMe: "freeze 100" #Freezes the player for 5 seconds
```

### Glow NPC's

> If Citizens and Protocollib installed you can make NPCs glow
> if spesific conditions are met. What you have to do is adding 
> a `glow_npc` section in your package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If Citizens and ProtocolLib is installed you can make NPCs glow
if spesific conditions are met. For that you have to add a `glow_npc` section
```

freezeMe: "freeze 100" #Freezes the player for 5 seconds
```

### Glow NPC's
If Citizens and ProtocolLib is installed you can make NPCs glow
if spesific conditions are met. For that you have to add a `glow_npc` section.

> you can customize the color by adding color argument. You can find all

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can customize the color by adding color argument. You can find all
```

> available color in [here](https://hub.spigotmc.org/javadocs/spigot/org/bukkit/ChatColor.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
available colors [here](https://hub.spigotmc.org/javadocs/spigot/org/bukkit/ChatColor.html).
```
